NEWS: Add Muppet Treasure Island announcement (#305)
scummvm/scummvm-web: data/en/news/20230614.markdown

---
title: "Hey, Hawkins, nice to see you again!"
author: OneEightHundred
date: 1686783600
---

> _Muppet Treasure Island_, the second game of the [mTropolis engine](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=MTropolis), is ready for public testing!

Reviewer: The way this is worded implies that it is the second game _created with_ the mTropolis engine, which isn't correct. Would this be better?

```suggestion
_Muppet Treasure Island_, the second [mTropolis engine](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=MTropolis) game playable in ScummVM, is ready for public testing!
```

> Created in 1996 by _Activision_ and based on the movie of the same name, this game has you play as Jim Hawkins as you join the Muppets on a voyage to find the lost treasure, and features additional live-action performances by Billy Connolly and Tim Curry.

Reviewer: Saying "the lost treasure" sounds odd to me because that implies there is only one. Maybe this would be a better alternative?

```suggestion
Created in 1996 by _Activision_ and based on the movie of the same name, this game has you play as Jim Hawkins as you join the Muppets on a voyage to find a pirate's buried treasure, and features additional live-action performances by Billy Connolly and Tim Curry.
```

> Created in 1996 by _Activision_ and based on the movie of the same name, this game has you play as Jim Hawkins as you join the Muppets on a voyage to find the lost treasure, and features additional live-action performances by Billy Connolly and Tim Curry.

Reviewer: Mentioning the live action actors who might be recognized even by those not familiar with the game was a great idea!

> Created in 1996 by _Activision_ and based on the movie of the same name, this game has you play as Jim Hawkins as you join the Muppets on a voyage to find the lost treasure, and features additional live-action performances by Billy Connolly and Tim Curry.

Reviewer: The word "as" is used twice in succession, which is repetitively repetitive.

```suggestion
Created in 1996 by _Activision_ and based on the movie of the same name, this game has you play the role of Jim Hawkins as you join the Muppets on a voyage to find the lost treasure, and features additional live-action performances by Billy Connolly and Tim Curry.
```
